Lahiri Kundu & Co. Has been a reputed name in printing ink manufacturing industry for more than 45 years. The soal goal of the company is to satify customers by means of achieving continual improvement in quality, productivity, realiability and service by implementing quality management syatem at the lowest possible operative costs. We are pioneer in manufacturing a wide range of offset, web offset, screen, letter press and metal decorating inks. Our patrons can avail these inks in different chemical composition and multiple colors option. Quality, prompt services, complete customer satisfaction, dedication and reasonable price are hallmark of the company.
Fact Sheet:
Year of Establishment:	1979
Legal Status of Firm:	Sole Proprietorship (Individual)
Nature of Business:	Manufacturer
Delivery Locations : 	All Over India

Established in 1975, Lahiri Kundu $ Co. engaged in offering an excellent array of industrial products for printing solutions.

quality reliability and reasonable price are company's main business approach.


These silk screen printing inks print well on plastic, steel, aluminum, nylon.


The premium quality collection of Letterpress Inks available at our dispatch is in huge demand among the clients across the domestic market, owing to its remarkable attributes and features
Features:

Faster drying time
Good color retention
Minimum viscosity


The components and ingredients used in the processing this product is pure and reliably procured.
These are extensively appreciated by our prestigious clients for their accurate pH factor, accurate composition and proper packagin
properties like utmost quality, consistent colors, proper pigmentation and cost effectiveness.


web offset
Banking on the skills of our qualified team of professionals, we are instrumental in offering supreme quality range of Web Offset Ink.
 
Features:

Quick drying
No any harmful chemical
No impurities


metal dec

We are manufacturer & supplier of Metal Decorative Inks. 
TP Products
Best suitable Product for Printing on Metal, used by processing Metal
Customized Developments Available
Features:
Chemical resistance
Longer shelf life
Long-lasting effects
Precise packaging
Reasonable price
Printing Ink for Metal Decoration 
1. Process colors 
2. Light fast inks for posters/sign boards 
3. Pantone shades 
4. Dry offset process collapsible tubs inks 
5. Litho varnish 
6. Matte litho varnish	


letter press
Features :
Very reactive
Has good resistance to water and solvents
Suitable for paper, cardboard, pretreated PP and PE and other plastics





